one morning Henry was feeling very sorry
for himself sometimes he could pull
trains but sometimes he felt he had no
strength at all
I suffered dreadfully and no one cares
rubbish Henry snorted James you don't
work hard enough Sir Topham Hatt spoke
to him - what's wrong with you Henry you
have had lots of new parts and new paint
- but they've done you no good if we
can't make you better we must get
another engine instead of you to do the
work this made Henry his driver and his
fireman very sad Sir Topham Hatt was
waiting when Henry came to the platform
he had taken off his hat and coat and
put on overall Henry managed to start
but his fireman was not satisfied Henry
is a bad steamer said - Sir Topham Hatt
I build up his fire but it doesn't give
enough heat Henry tried very hard but it
was no good he didn't have enough steam
and came to a stop
outside Edward station oh dear thought
Henry I shall have to go away oh dear oh
dear all he could do is to go slowly
onto a siding and Edward took charge of
the Train
Sir Topham Hatt and the farmer went on
discussing Henry's troubles what do you
think is wrong fireman pastor topham
hatt
excuse me sir Harrison but the fact is
the coal is wrong we've had a poor lot
lately and today it's worse the other
engines can manage they have big fire
boxes Henry's is small and can't make
the heat with Welsh coal he'd be a
different engine it's expensive said Sir
Topham Hatt
but Henry must have a third chance James
shall go and fetch some when the Welsh
coal came Henry's driver and fireman
were excited now we'll show them Henry
old fellow they carefully made his fire
putting large lumps of coal like a wall
round the outside then the glowing
middle part was covered with smaller
lumps you're spoiling my fire complained
Henry wait and see said the fireman
we'll have a roaring fire just when we
wanted the fireman was right and Henry
reached the platform the water was
boiling nicely and he had to let off
steam how are you Henry beep beep
whistle Henry
I feel fine have you a good fire driver
never better sir I'm plenty of steam no
record-breaking warned Sir Topham Hatt
don't push him too hard and we won't
need pushing sir I'll have to hold him
back
Henry had a lovely day it never felt so
well in his life he wanted to go first
but his driver wouldn't let him steady
old fellow he would say there's plenty
of time they arrived early at the
station Thomas popped in where've you
been lazybones ass denry oh I can't wait
for dawdling tank engines like you
goodbye
rush said Thomas to an incredible have
you ever seen anything like it
both I mean Clarabel agreed that they
never had
you